There is a very big misconception in people that Java is somehow related to JavaScript but this is not the case.
The relation between Java and JavaScript is that both are programming language like C,C++,Python. 
If you think the relation between Java and JavaScript is A then the relation between JavaScript and C and C++ is also A not B. 

This confusion is generated as a result of the greed of gaining the popularity and seeking the attention of the public. 

As we know Java is introduced in May-1995 by "James Gosling", at "Sun MicroSystem" but "James Gosling", "Mike Sheridan", and "Patrick Naughton"
initiated the Java language project in June 1991. Java was originally designed for interactive television, but it was too advanced for the digital
cable television industry at the time, The language was initially called Oak after an oak tree that stood outside Gosling's office. Later the project
went by the name Green and was finally renamed Java, from Java coffee, a type of coffee from Indonesia.

Sun Microsystems released the first public implementation as Java 1.0 in 1996.

NetScape collaborating with Sun Microsystems to embed the Java programming language, while also hiring Brendan Eich to embed the Scheme language.
At the time, the dot-com boom had begun and Java was a popular new language, so Eich considered the JavaScript name a marketing ploy by Netscape.


****extra information...
Netscape => Netscape is the American Communication Company, Brendan Eich created the JavaScript as the Netscape employee.
            a founding engineer of Netscape Lou Montulli created HTTP cookies. The company also developed SSL which was
            used for securing online communications before its successor TLS took over.
Sun Microsystem => It was an American technology company that sold computers, computer components, software,
                   and information technology services and also created the Java programming language.
dot-com-boom => or known as dot-com bubble is the massive growth of internet and this results in rise of stock market.
                the period between 1995 and 2000 when investors pumped money into Internet-based startups in the hopes 
                that these fledgling companies would soon turn a profit.
